docs: Update load test documentation and minor clean ups (#9548)
hashicorp/consul: test/load/README.md

## Terraform Consul Load Testing
Consul Load Testing is used to capture baseline performance metrics for Consul under stress. This will assist in ensuring there are no performance regressions during releases and substantial changes to Consul. Per the defaults, the test runs for 10 minutes with 25 virtual users spawned by k6. Instance sizes for test instance are `t2.small` and for the Consul cluster `m5n.large`.  All metrics from Consul are pushed to a datadog dashboard for user review.

> This relies on the (Gruntwork's Terraform AWS Consul Module)[https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul] which *by default* creates 3 Consul servers across 3 availability zones. A load test instance which has an image that is configured with the nessecary scripts and [k6](https://k6.io/) is created and sends traffic to a load balancer. The load balancer will distribute requests across the Consul clients who will ultimately forward the requests to the servers.

Reviewer: A syntax fix for a link and a spelling fix:

```suggestion
This relies on the [Gruntwork's Terraform AWS Consul Module](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul) which *by default* creates 3 Consul servers across 3 availability zones. A load test instance which has an image that is configured with the necessary scripts and [k6](https://k6.io/) is created and sends traffic to a load balancer. The load balancer will distribute requests across the Consul clients who will ultimately forward the requests to the servers.
```

> [Embed Great Diagram Here]

Reviewer 2: :grin:

# How to use
[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) and [Packer](https://www.packer.io/downloads), AWS and [Datadog](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/) are required to use this. All of this, except the AWS resources that will be utilized, are free. 

This repo has the following folder structure: 

> packer: This contains all the necessary stuff to make the load test and the Consul AMI to be utilized in Terraform.

Reviewer: Format adjustment so list doesn't run together:

```suggestion
* packer: This contains all the necessary stuff to make the load test and the Consul AMI to be utilized in Terraform.
```

> terraform: This contains all the relevant Terraform files

Reviewer: List continued:

```suggestion
* terraform: This contains all the relevant Terraform files
```

# Getting Started  

> 1) Download all necessary tools listed (Terraform, Packer, Datadog) and set up an AWS account 

Reviewer 2: Is there anything to download for datadog? Don't we use the UI in a browser?

Author: Good call out - I think you just have to do an account set up.

2) Configure your AWS credentials using one of the [options supported by the AWS
   SDK](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/v1/developer-guide/credentials.html). Usually, the easiest option is to
   set the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, and `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` environment variables.

> 3) Follow the [Packer README](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/tree/master/test/load/packer) to generate your load test and Consul AMIs

Reviewer 2: minor: A relative url here will help make it easier to move around, and allow these docs to work from branches:

```suggestion
3) Follow the [Packer README](./packer/README.md) to generate your load test and Consul AMIs
```

> 4) Follow the [Terraform README](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/tree/master/test/load/terraform) to stand up the infrastructure in AWS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4) Follow the [Terraform README](./terraform/README.md) to stand up the infrastructure in AWS
```

> 5) Watch the results in either your datadog dashboard or in the output of your Terraform Apply

Reviewer 2: Did I miss a step about setting up a datadog dashboard? Or is there a predefined one?

Author: Adding a "Debugging in Datadog" section which links to their beautiful Consul metrics blog 👩‍🍳 
There is a predefined "Consul metrics" datadog dashboard.

> ## Terraform Consul Load Testing

Reviewer: The header sizes are reversed in the article: this should start with `#` and the sections after should start with `##`.

Consul Load Testing is used to capture baseline performance metrics for Consul under stress. This will assist in ensuring there are no performance regressions during releases and substantial changes to Consul. Per the defaults, the test runs for 10 minutes with 25 virtual users spawned by k6. Instance sizes for test instances are `t2.small` and for the Consul cluster `m5n.large`.  All metrics from Consul are pushed to a datadog dashboard for user review.
 
This relies on the [Gruntwork's Terraform AWS Consul Module](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul) which *by default* creates 3 Consul servers across 3 availability zones. A load test instance which has an image that is configured with the necessary scripts and [k6](https://k6.io/) is created and sends traffic to a load balancer. The load balancer will distribute requests across the Consul clients who will ultimately forward the requests to the servers.
 
<img src="loadtestdiagram.png" width="500" height="300"/>

# Load Test Automation

> This can only be run on PRs that a Dev Build has been made for. When a PR has the `pr/load-test` Github Label applied this will kick off a Github Action. This Github Action will trigger Circle CI to run a Terraform Apply that runs a load test against the Dev Build Consul binary. CircleCI will create a comment that links that shows the output of what it is running.

Reviewer: The label name has been changed:

```suggestion
This can only be run on PRs that a Dev Build has been made for. When a PR has the `test/load` Github Label applied this will kick off a Github Action. This Github Action will trigger Circle CI to run a Terraform Apply that runs a load test against the Dev Build Consul binary. CircleCI will create a comment that links that shows the output of what it is running.
```

Author: x.co/yesandno
It is now pr/load-test (I need to change the actual label) whoops

> This can only be run on PRs that a Dev Build has been made for. When a PR has the `pr/load-test` Github Label applied this will kick off a Github Action. This Github Action will trigger Circle CI to run a Terraform Apply that runs a load test against the Dev Build Consul binary. CircleCI will create a comment that links that shows the output of what it is running.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This can only be run on PRs that a Dev Build has been made for. When a PR has the `pr/load-test` Github Label applied this will kick off a Github Action. This Github Action will trigger Circle CI to run a Terraform Apply that runs a load test against the Dev Build Consul binary. The GitHub Action will paste the CircleCI load test workflow URL to the PR as a comment.
```

  
# How to use
[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) and [Packer](https://www.packer.io/downloads), AWS and [Datadog](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/) are required to use this. All of this, except the AWS resources that will be utilized, are free.
 
This repo has the following folder structure:
* packer: This contains all the necessary stuff to make the load test and the Consul AMI to be utilized in Terraform.
* terraform: This contains all the relevant Terraform files
 
 
# Getting Started 
 
1) Download all necessary tools listed (Terraform, Packer)

> 1.5) Set up an [AWS account](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/) and a [Datadog account](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/) - downloading the Datadog client is not necessary. 

Reviewer: GitHub's Markdown engine doesn't appreciate the joys of decimal places as sub-steps and crams it in to the preceding line 😄 . I suggest just shifting the ordering so this is step 2.
